- JODIE: Ever since the Black Sun was destroyed.
My memory has been disintegrating.
I spend too much time on the other side.
Now it's eating away up my mind.
Erasing what's left of it.
My memories are all confused.
Slowing self-destructing.
Fading like a dream when you wake up.
I'm losing my sense of time.
I no longer know what happened before or after...
Everything's playing
inside my head at the same time.
It's like watching the same film, looping
over and over again.
A chaos of images with no order.
So I've been writing nigh 'n day for weeks.
Tried to put my life down on paper.
If I forget everything...
...these pages will be my memory.
- MAN: (VIA TV) Three months after the fact.
The investigation continues.
In an effort to determine the cause
of the accident that cost 283 lives.
...on a Pentagon military base.
Government representatives confirm that
the authorities are working hand-in-hand with the investigators...
...to shed light on this appalling tragedy.
- JODIE: The CIA is leaving me
alone for the moment.
I suppose they're too busy building
another condenser to worry about me.
I know they'll never abandon their experiments.
Now that they know
what's on the other side.
Honestly... (SCOFFS)
I don't give a damn.
Now I need to reconstruct my life.
My life without Aiden.
For as long as I can remember...
I dreamt of living without him.
I'm tired...
Without his constant present by my side.
I got what I wanted.
I've never been so unhappy in my life.
Feel like...
...part of me has been empty taken.
I'm crying all day.
I know it's stupid.
Shit.
I miss him so much.
It took months.
Months of nothing passing by.
And I woke up.
I think it was time.
Time to start again.
To build a new life.
It was so obvious...
Deep inside, I always knew...
I just needed the silence around me.
To hear what I was feeling.
I told Ryan I couldn't see my future with him.
We've been through
too many difficult times together.
Times I wanna forget.
He said he understood.
That he'd wait as long as it takes.
I know I felt something for him.
But it just wasn't strong enough.
They took me in while I was alone.
(DOORBELL RINGS)
When all I could think of was dying.
They shared the little they had
without knowing me or judging me...
- STAN: (SOFLY) Oh my god!
- JODIE: Deep down I knew
that my place was there.
- STAN: Oh my god! Jodie!
Oh my god!
...with them.
Ah... Jodie, you have to get in here!
Stan does odd jobs here and there.
Jimmy gone back to school.
He's clean now.
- JIMMY: Jodie! Oh my god!
Tuesday works behind the bar.
Walter looks after little Zoey.
- WALTER: Come here, baby girl!
They're not rolling in money, but...
They managed.
I've never told them about my past.
And they never ask.
They love me for who I am.
Just some... weird chick who talks to spirits.
Zoey took to me like we'd always known each other.
There's something about her big sad eyes
that reminds me of the little girl I once was.
I knew she was different
from the moment I saw her.
We haven't talked about it, but...
We both know we have something in common.
I see things at night.
(THUNDERING NOISE)
Terrifying things.
I tell myself that it's only nightmares, but...
I know it's not true.
Only one who can save the world
with a little girl.
I have to prepare...
I know I don't have much time.
Once the pandora box's opened...
...it'll never be closed again.
No...
It's not nightmares...
It's what is about to happen.